FileSharing Usage Information

To run the group server, the file server, or the CLI client,
The BouncyCastle jar (bcprov-jdk15on-164.jar)
needs to be downloaded from https://bouncycastle.org/latest_releases.html
and placed inside the src/ folder

USAGE:
 To start Group Server: make RunGroupServer [(optional) PORT=<port number>]
 When the group server is first started, there are no users or groups. Since 
 there must be an administer of the system, the user is prompted via the console
 to enter a username and password. This name becomes the first user and is a member of the
 ADMIN group.  Also, no groups exist. The group server will by default
 run on port 8765, but a custom port can be passed as the first command line
 argument.

 To start the File Server: make RunFileServer [(optional) PORT=<port number> ]
 The file server will look for the trusted group server's public key in
 src/GroupPublic.rsa. This file will be generated by the group server
 and will need to be copied into the file server's src/ folder.
 The file server will output a fingerprint of its own public key for easy
 confirmation.
 The file server will create a shared_files inside the working directory if one 
 does not exist. The file server is now online. The file server will by default
 run on port 4321, but a custom port can be passed as the first command line
 argument.

 To reset the File server and the group server completely, run make clean
 
 Note that this implementation supports server side directories.

 To start CLI client: java ClientCLI
 When the CLI client is first started, you must enter the address and port of the
 group server and file server. You will need to decide if you trust the file
 server based on the public key fingerprint presented to you. If you decide to trust,
 this public key is saved and you will not be asked again if you trust the same key for
 the same address. You will also need to enter a username and a password to authenticate
 with the group server.
 Once the prompt is available, type "help" to see a list of commands, or "exit"
 to quit the client.
 Valid commands:
   help
     Prints out all commands.
   exit
     Quits ClientCLI.
   changepassword
     When prompted, enter your new password.
   changeuser
     When prompted, enter a valid username to change to.
   createuser
     When prompted, enter the new user's username.
	 The current user must be member of the ADMIN group to create a user.
   deleteuser
     When prompted, enter the username to be deleted.
	 The current user must be a member of the ADMIN group to delete a user.
   creategroup
     When prompted, enter the new group's name.
   deletegroup
     When prompted, enter the group name to be deleted.
	 The current user must be the owner of the group in order to delete it.
   addusertogroup
     When prompted, enter the username to add and the group name to add the user to.
	 The current user must be the owner of the group in order to add a user to it.
   deleteuserfromgroup
     When prompted, enter the username to remove and the group name to remove the user from.
	 The current user must be the owner of the group in order to delete a user from it.
   listmembers
     When prompted, enter the group name to list the members of.
	 The current user must be the owner of the group to list the members.
   listfiles
     All files belonging to groups that the current user is a member of will be listed.
   upload
     when prompted, enter the source file's path, the destination file name, and the group
	 name to share the file with.
	 The current user must be a member of the group to share a file to the group.
   download
     When prompted, enter the source file's name and the destination file's path.
	 The current user must be in the group that the file is shared with in order to download the file.
   delete
     When prompted, enter the file name to delete.
	 The current user must be in the group that the file is shared with in order to delete the file.
   







